eg1. Ride Requests Model, predict if a driver on Uber will accept a ride request or not
         driver info: no / some / full info
         
         feature
         driver: end, existing, distance to rider, ratings, accept rate .. 
         trip: trip time, time of day, distance, revenue
         rider: tarings, location 
         vehical: model ...
         other: trafic, special events

        general missing data： profile cluster (age) and impute.
        
        model: classification accept/not
             logictic regression as a start
             trim features, decition trees esemle, xg boost
             
             label: (ground truth exist)
                   driver yes, no times out, sent to others ... 
         different models and abtest
         
         
  eg2 build fb newsfeed and rank:
      1 ans
      objective
          goal : personalize feed
          optimize egmagement
          feed - 10 things ...  rank(1,2,....)
      expected engagement metric: likes, comments, time, clicks...time using session
             (assume such exists)
      prolem:
           for feed ,estimate expected engagement
           how to model and how to use model
           
         how to use model: sorting feeds based on expected engagement, combined, balance video/picture ..
         
         model: expected engagement
         frature: user: location, timeseris last week.month, actibvity, ...
                        needs a lot for colaberativ filtering
                        
         how to choose: rf/xgboost get general meaning fast NN/ranking
         
         test: AB test: find similar users and non overlapping ... 
         
         engagement metric: user come back inc rese retention, growth, get friends, ... 
                            
          2 ans balance public/pribite personalize ...    
              user engagement, list of info, run ab test
              
              freq user ..  interaction, profit, .. (feed -> profit) regressions based
              
  eg3.   restaurant recommender
       
      
        
