Improving and Innovating Products
 
Product ask for insignts... pull...  data build feature...lanunch /abtest .. measure sucess
problems 
Investigating Metrics:  Why is feature x dropping by y percent
Measuring Product Success:  analyzing the success of released features
Feature Change: Let’s say we want to add/change/improve a new feature to product X
Metric Trade-offs: comments are down by 10% but reactions are up by 15%
want to grow metric: We want to grow x metric on y feature

Before interview: product research  understanding their product from a business perspective
General Framework: 
1. Clarifying the Question (goals,backkground)
2. Make Assumptions (narrow the scope)
3. Analyze User Flows (how the product works,different users)
4. Define Hypothesis (root cause of the issue)
5. Draw Metrics to Support your Hypothesis
6. Tie Your Analysis to the Product Goals (tie analysis back to the product goals)
7. Remember to talk out loud


Investigating Metrics: If X metric is up/down by Y percent, how would you investigate it?
General Framework: Clarification)(def), Gather Context (cut the data), Hypothesize for Probable Causes, Validation(solution)
                   MECE framework: breaking a problem down by creating a decision tree for issues and hypotheses
e.g. Friend Request Example (Friend Request -10%, inestigate)
          1 clarification: time frame:one time/recurance  seasonality   
                           external factor:  competitor launching
                           internal factor: bugs,feature release
                           metric definition
          2  Gathe Context: time frame? entire website traffic? feature release? 
          3 Hyphothesizing and Evaluation: e.g.new users be the ones making the most friend requests
                user(join date, Age, Sex, Location, Organic, Paid, Content,Geography,Platform )
                activity(tpt vs active,DAU, WAU, MAU,New vs Existing,User feature attribution,time spent,  DAU / MAU or WAU / MAU )
                Marketplace/Feature Attributes(e.g. Friend requests acceptance rate going down, Friend requests taking longer to be accepted, 
                                                    bugs,New feature cannibalizing the existing feature)
                                                    
                                                    
                 use flows (funnels):  users eventually get to friend requests by: ppl know, friends of friends, event attend users, tagged pictures
                              others: Emails that get clicked through, Organic search vs paid channels vs blogs, Other features on the platform
                 
                 bugs
          4 Evaluation and Validation:  visualizing
          
          
          sample answer:
                    geography-based external event? new users?customer journeys,scrolling rather than sent request? Bug? feature changes?  User activity DAU?
          tips:
                 Avoid going too deep into one section
           
                
 Fractional metrics: similar to  Investigating Metrics e.g. Looking at the metrics of the job board, you notice that the 
                                                            number of applicants per job has been decreasing   
                      metric is A/B frmework is the same
                      
                      
 Measuring Success:  e.g. How do you measure success for Facebook Events   
             Framework: clarify, product goals, define metrics, test hypothesis, Correlate behavior
            e.g. sucess n fb events:
            clarify: What is the product/feature?cpmpany mission? How do product work? Who are users?
            product goals: why does this product/feature exist for the company? Goals? who uses?  
                         How does the product/feature help the business? 
            define metrics:  objects: attendees, events, and hosts...
                             How the Product Works: create an event with a date, description, and public or private permission
                             User journey Flows:
                                 Acquisition:  Attendees/Hosts
                                 Funnels and Conversion: how are the users converting into the product or feature?
                                                         What is the drop-off in each step of the funnel
                                 Product Engagement: what users do once they’ve seen an event or created an event
                             List Top Level Metrics: engagement, revenue, or growth:
                                           #events invited RVSP 
                             Test Hypothesis: Tie metrics back to our product goals, Prioritize which metrics we track
